Liss and a lot of people underestimate
everything that goes into making a movie
like there are so many moving parts that
if one person from the credits decides
to go missing it can ruin the entire
production there's all the work in
pre-pro the actual days onset the
editing the marketing and the scariest
part of it all wondering if people are
gonna go see it so here comes this new
movie that Universal really wanted to
turn into a franchise and they market it
so much that it felt like those trailers
were playing for freakin two years and
then comes out and no one shows up we're
talking about a movie with an estimated
budget of a hundred and fifty million
dollars and it made seven million in its
opening weekend and for those who know
the box office numbers game like it's
not like billboard where they're
magically gonna jump up in the coming
weeks like that's pretty much it and I
don't even know if that number includes
the marketing budget so I don't even
know how deepens it that they are now
some people would blame the critics core
for being the reason that no one showed
up but one y'all hype up critics way too
much you know you conveniently forget
how the Transformers movies are all
pooped on and people still go to how
annihilation and other movies get rave
reviews and they also still flaps so
don't blame the critics I don't know if
it's just because most sci-fi films
don't seem to attract a mass audience if
they're already not part of a franchise
or because families didn't want to see
motor homes on wheels but I'm betting on
it being the decision to go up against
much bigger franchises that were having
releases at the time by the way I
decided to cough up to $25 and AMC stubs
to see this in IMAX but I can tell by
the fans of the series who are watching
it with us that even to them some parts
made absolutely no sense let me explain
so you may remember mortal engines back
at one of yours classic book fairs where
you probably looked at it and said hey
look
another Captain Underpants book this is
actually book one of four in a series
called the mortal engines quartz head on
top of that there's a whole prequel
series that adds to the mythology and
what's crazy about it is that this was
originally a more adult-oriented story
full of politics but since nobody would
pick it up scholastic was like yep
we'll take it but you got to make it for
kids so not only did they strip to a
man's story right
they then stretch it out a bit with the
prequels and then fill him with this
movie so I don't know maybe what the
next series my man or maybe not now I
don't think it's a complete disaster per
se you know
I'm a big believer on certain mediums
and I really believe that this one would
have been better as a miniseries you
know because sometimes stories work
better in a specific type of format and
I personally think that that would have
been the best way to tell this story
we start off learning about the past
which is really our present where this
thing called a 60-minute war happened
and it causes huge disaster and pretty
much America doesn't exist in order to
avoid all these day-after-tomorrow
natural disasters that are happening on
that side of the globe this dude named
Nikola decides to turn London and other
cities that follow into a giant mortar
home so they can escape the disaster cuz
a hurricane can't hit you if I can catch
you other cities and start using this
technology and put their towns on wheels
but London pretty much is the monster
truck that consumes all of the other
little cities in order to get their
resources at the same time there's
another settlements in Asia
known as the anti traction League I'm
not even kidding about all of this they
built a wall in order to keep those
weirdos out who are living in mobile
cities because they just want to live on
land even though they kind of have a
couple of mobile cities of their own and
I've seen movies like snowpiercer that
have done similar concepts of people
living in mobile vehicles you know I've
also seen eight-mile where they live in
an RV but damn did this movie get all
the looks down and then forgot to cover
how everything else works
like obviously just basing it off the
marketing they gave they wanted this to
be the next big world building epic like
Lord of the Rings except you know for
the extremely random times when it just
turns into jokes like I kid you not
there's a scene that happens in a museum
where they stop the movie to refer to
these old American deities and then they
show you two statues of the minions and
they didn't even show you Dave obviously
Universal owns the rights so I guess
that was just a play for them that it's
still so random like they try really
hard to press their message about our
current times by referring to iPhones as
ancient technology that made his dumb
there's a whole line about us in the
present being so advanced and yet so
dumb for having nuclear weapons so you
know if only more people went to go see
mortal engines when it came out might
have just changed their society Justin
longer plays the everyday Joe who works
at the Museum in London he's friends
with the head honchos daughter and he
actually rescues said dude when this
masked vigilante comes in trying to kill
him
this is for my mother
this it's also the actual editing in the
movie if you were to see this in the big
screen the the ADR is so off it made
blue face sound like he was on beat so
we learned that this little girl named
Hester was raised by her mother who was
an archaeologist but always had these
flashbacks of Ballantyne coming over to
visit like he was the milkman
since Valentine is super obsessed with
controlling the super weapon known as
Medusa you can tell that he's just
waiting for Pandora to do all the work
and the moment she collects all of the
devices he needs he's just gonna dip
like that bit in Buster Scruggs so the
moment Pandora finds a device Valentine
takes it he offs her slashes her sirs
face but she's able to escape since
she's fast enough to rush the fields
that's why she's always been set on
getting revenge for her mother but again
this dude had to get in the way he
starts chasing her to the engine of the
city where she decides to just let go
Valentine then comes in and in order to
thank his loyal servant for saving him
Oh within the first 30 minutes of this
movie both of the main characters are
dead then it turns out they're alive I
don't know how you survive falling out
of a city that is also leaving like
20-yard trenches but these two end up
forming a bond over Twinkie since you
know those never get stale I could use a
Twinkie they then get picked up by
another moving city who they think is
there to help them but in reality
they're just putting them up on an
auction they're about to die for the
second time in this movie when this
unique little model comes in and shoots
up the place now Ana is this anti
traction as intelligence agents said in
Spanish who helps them escape in order
to stop Valentine and his evil plan
she's living up in the sky city which
gets attacked and destroyed by this dude
and so okay let me go I'm aware that
this was supposed to be one of many
movies right so you can't stuff the
whole story in one film bit like brah
they skimmed over a lot with the lore of
this movie see the way the movie
presents these I kid you not
Robo zombies is so ridiculous I thought
we started watching another movie
there's this whole back story in the
books that expands on them so after the
60-minute war there were these empires
battling each other across Europe which
at this point became a literal volcano
maze it's crazy
crazier than that was that a group of
them decided that the best way to win
these wars was to build these creatures
known as the resurrected men or stalkers
that consisted of grabbing dead bodies
from the battlefields wiring them up
with what they called old tech which
brought them back to life with no
emotions or memories and thus they
became these killing machines that they
could upgrade with new weapons so
overlords super soldiers but even more
jacked up the prequels uncover how they
eventually want rights and all that jazz
they go as far as starting their own
kind of like Union known as the Lancer
is reggae but in terms of strike they
didn't do this dude's story justice this
is a man who has a whole backstory of
being an archaeologist turned into a hit
man when he gets reanimated he lost his
wife and kids so when he finds hester as
a child he adopts her and in order to
allow her to live forever the same way
he does he plans to turn her into a
stalker as well but then Benjy dips now
Stephen Lang couldn't get cable even
though he did his own Photoshop so I
guess this was the next best robot but
his motivations made no sense so you
telling me you love this girl so much
that you want to turn her into a zombie
so she can live forever okay but when
she runs away you just want to kill her
obviously he doesn't get to kill her the
box office did and he realizes that the
little Hester he raised has finally
moved on and found somebody alive to
love and so he just turns into dust
what's funny is that he does eventually
come back later in the books when they
rear as errect him it's something that
they also do with Anna's body as they
turn her into a stalker in order to
bring her back as well but it also got
me thinking did y'all know that in Game
of Thrones lady Stark also comes back as
a zombie assassin like HBO where did
that storyline go they make it to the
mainland which I believe was one of the
biggest Gamble's
like obviously the movies going with
this effect of when you finally see
colors in that last act it's supposed to
give you this very you know jarring
effect and they got it it's just boy was
there some bland imagery for the first
two hours Valentine starts weaving his
way into the Cathedral where he's
storing the medusa weapon and since he's
collected all the devices he needs he's
ready to fire it hazards in the sights
that checked a locket her mama left her
for the first time and finds the crash
drive they need to stop the weapon
however Valentine's fired this bad boy
twice already so there's like more
Asgardians than there are people up
behind that wall and then randomly the
movie turns into star wars Tom gets a
sound solo on and becomes a pilot a bust
out with their nod x-wings to put out
what isn't a Death Star they fight off
these troopers who never hit their
target and then they legit they legit
heaven I am your father seen between
these two but I guess in order to not
repeat that line and get sued they
convey that information by just staring
at each other so I myself went to go
research it in the books and yep it's
Star Wars Anna sacrifices herself in
order to defeat Valentine who gets
squished the civilians from the Capitol
embraced a flat land as I get on it and
these two ride off into the sunset where
they'll hopefully get an oil change or
at least a remake thank you guys for
checking out this video I'm here to know
your thoughts down below in the comments
section like I say I mean there was a
lot of money in production that went
into this I think the production design
is great there are times where it was a
little bit too much green-screen that
they didn't really you know key out the
best and you notice that in IMAX the ad
or like I said brought there was so much
thinking errors in this at least on the
screen that I saw which I want to say
since it's you know measured for IMAX
that's the best quality you can see it
in but it should have been a miniseries
I mean look at HBO look at it even Hulu
and Netflix are able to make big stuff
there that's where they should have put
it bit boy did this movie lose a lot of
money I'm Kirsten are your thoughts if
you like that if you enjoyed it if
you're a fan of the books that's like
what I'm really interested in because a
lot of the people who were in our
theater who clearly were a fan of the
books just shaking their head when they
were walking out of it they felt this
grace but here's to know your thoughts I
guess a little big thing to recap the
last time I did one of these sort of
like box-office based ones was for
the billionaire boys club and I got a
couple of comments like this talking
about how I didn't cover how it made
little to no money I did but in case you
missed it here's a clue if I didn't pay
the price for the things we both know I
did do I'm certainly not gonna pay the
price for the things I didn't do yeah
I'm curious to know your thoughts I know
that some people have brought up the
whole idea how the movie was practically
Asia versus Europe like London versus
all of the minorities that were there I
I don't see that as being a theme
considering that at the end of it if
we're focusing on that it's the American
and hard drive ends up winning it all so
I didn't really focus on that I think
that this again would have been a better
miniseries that wasted all this money
out there and I think Universal has
another bomb with Marwan so man are they
gonna have to do a lot of stuff in 2019
Pierson are your thoughts down below in
the comments section don't forget to
comment like and subscribe
and I'll send you a scholastic bookmark